Add service account rotation function documentation (#5875)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/gcp/cloud-functions/rotateserviceaccount/README.md

> # Rotate service account Cloud Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Rotate service account secrets using Cloud Function
```

## Overview

> This Cloud Function creates new key for a GCP service account and updates the requesting secret data. The function is triggered by a  Pub/Sub message sent by a secret stored in Secret Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Function creates a new key for a GCP service account and updates the required secret data. The function is triggered by a  Pub/Sub message sent by a secret stored in Secret Manager.
```

1. Secret in Secret Manager sends a Pub/Sub message to `secret-manager-notifications` Pub/Sub topic.

> 2. The Cloud Function is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Cloud Function is started.
```

> 2. Cloud Function is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Cloud Function starts.
```

> 3. The Cloud Function check if the value of the `eventType` attribute is set to `SECRET_ROTATE` and stops execution otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Cloud Function checks if the value of the **eventType** attribute is set to `SECRET_ROTATE`; if not, it stops its execution.
```

> 4. The Cloud Function check if the value of the `type` label is set to `service-account` and stops execution otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Cloud Function checks if the value of the **type** label is set to `service-account`; if not, it stops its execution.
```

> 5. The Cloud Function reads the name of the service account from the latest version of a secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Cloud Function reads the name of the service account from the latest version of a secret.
```

> 6. The Cloud Function generates new key for the service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Cloud Function generates a new key for the service account.
```

> 7. The Cloud Function creates new secret version in Secret Manger, containing the newly created service account key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Cloud Function creates a new secret version in Secret Manger, containing the newly created service account key.
```

## Cloud Function deployment

> To deploy the Cloud Function follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy Cloud Function follow these steps:
```

1. Run `go mod vendor` inside the `development/gcp/cloud-functions/rotateserviceaccount/` directory.

> 2. Create `secret-manager-notifications` Pub/Sub topic if it does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the `secret-manager-notifications` Pub/Sub topic, if it does not exist.
```

> 3. Create `service-${PROJECT_NUMBER}@gcp-sa-secretmanager.iam.gserviceaccount.com` service account with `roles/pubsub.publisher` role if it does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the `service-${PROJECT_NUMBER}@gcp-sa-secretmanager.iam.gserviceaccount.com` service account with the `roles/pubsub.publisher` role, if it does not exist.
```

> 4. Use the following command from this directory to deploy the Cloud Function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the following command from this directory to deploy Cloud Function:
```

```bash
gcloud functions deploy rotate-secrets-service-account \
--region europe-west3 \
--trigger-topic secret-manager-notifications \
--runtime go116 \
--source ./ \
--timeout 10 \
--max-instances 10 \
--memory 128 \
--entry-point RotateServiceAccount
```

## Cloud Function usage

To setup an automatic rotation for a Secret Manager secret follow these steps:

> 1. Create new secret in Secret Manager with existing service account data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new secret in Secret Manager with the existing service account data.
```
